/  DADE MURPHY - CONSULTANT PROFILE
Dade is an elite full stack developer with many years experience in multiple technologies. He has worked on numerous high profile projects. Dade is a natural leader, he is able to inspire the best out of his team and coordinate teams across multiple locations and time zones.

KEY SKILLS & TECH
Java: Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Mockito, Junit 3,4 & 5
C, C++, C# (EntityFramework, .Net Framework, .Net Core)
Web: JavaScript, TypeScript, AngularJS, React (with Redux), D3, HTML5, PHP
Scala
Fortran
MySQL / SQL Server, MongoDB
Git, Svn, VCS, Jira
Yarn, Grunt, Maven, Ant, Gradle, Ivy
Docker, Puppet, Chef, Ansible
AWS, Azure

EXPERIENCE

2020 - present
Lead Developer, Scott Logic
New York Council
Led a project working on an Internet of Things system developing a UI for the management of lighting and heating systems across multiple buildings using Typescript, React and Redux.

1995 - 2020
Developer, Crash Override Technologies
Local New York Television Station: September 1995 - January 1996
Viewer program selection system development: worked on a system to enable viewers to browse the station’s catalogue or programs and select their prefered viewing. Also included an interface to communicate with other viewers. The application was written in C++.
Stanton High School
/ Worked on the school’s class scheduling system to easily facilitate the allocation and management of the students to classes using JavaScript and PHP.
/ Also worked on the school’s automated fire suppression systems written in Fortran.
Major US Credit Card Provider
Worked in the fraud prevention department to create a system to allow users to quickly and easily cancel credit cards. The backend was built using Java, Spring and Hibernate. The UI was built using Angular and JavaScript.
US Secret Service
Payroll management system - A Scala based system allowing the employee records to be updated.
Ellingson Mineral Company
Working under extreme time pressure, Dade led teams from around the world to rectify a flaw in the .Net control software of the company’s oil tanker fleet that could have had disastrous environmental consequences.

1987- 1988
Zero Cool Industries
Creation of a widely adopted software in C for remote computer shutdowns that was recognised on the New York Stock Exchange

EDUCATION
BSc Computer Science (1st Class): 1996-2000, Columbia University

INTERESTS
Rollerblading



